[NOBLE 9A gasps]
It's delicious!
Attention everyone this
dessert is called pudding!
I was recently introduced
to it and I wanted to share it
with all the people at my
birthday celebration.
I do hope that you'll enjoy it,
so please give it a try!
‐‐[NOBLE 9B] Happy Birthday!
‐‐[NOBLE 9C] It is delectable!
[NOBLE 9D]
Thank you, Your Majesty!
Man, I had to make
over 200 servings of it,
but it's not easy
to say no to a king.
Uh?
[FLORA giggles]
[YUNA chuckles]
Well, it's done.
[FINA] Now that the king's
birthday celebration is over,
we're just enjoying the time we
have left in the royal capital.
We've been staying in the
bear house that Yuna made.
Sometimes Lady Noa and
Lady Misa come to visit.
[grunts]
[FINA] Or Yuna goes to help Lady
Shia with her sword training.
[FINA] Occasionally,
we all have tea together.
Lots of people come and go
so it's always very lively.
But the biggest surprise...
...was when the king and
the princess came to visit.
[YUNA grunts]
Fina? Is something wrong?
No, but the king and his
daughter came to visit you.
That means they must
think you're amazing, Yuna.
I doubt it. I just happened
to meet them at the castle.
Even still, them coming
here seems pretty rare.
[YUNA] I'm thinking about
heading back to Crimonia soon.
[FINA gasps]
[YUNA]
What's the matter?
[FINA] It's nothing.
I just feel like you and I
haven't done very
much together lately.
Yeah, I guess
I've been kinda busy.
So that's why
I was hoping we could go and
do some sight‐seeing together
before we have
to head back home.
What do you think?
Sure, that's cool with me.
Let's make that our plan for
tomorrow, and really have fun!
[gasps] Okay!
We still need to get some
souvenirs for everyone.
We should go to
the marketplace then!
A bear!
That's neat!
Wow, she's really cute!
[FINA]
You're as popular as ever.
Great.
Whoa, this is delicious.
Mine is, too! Ahh!
Here!
‐‐[FINA giggles]
‐‐[YUNA] Delicious!
I will buy here
all the way to there.
Wow, that's a lot.
Oh, it's for all of the
kids at the orphanage.
[FINA gasps]
Huh, I've never
seen this before.
It's kinda like a cross between
an eggplant and a cucumber.
Weird.
I wonder if you could use
it in one of your recipes.
[YUNA] I'm not sure, but
I'll buy some, just in case.
[FINA] So why won't
you open a restaurant?
[YUNA]
Come on, not you, too!
[FINA]
Sorry. But if you did that,
then I could eat your
cooking whenever I wanted!
Look, I don't mind cooking
when it's for fun,
but having a business
would be a real hassle.
And why is that?
Because then you have to make,
like, a ton of food each day,
and that'd be way too much work.
Oh, makes sense.
Plus...
Oh, there's more?
...I couldn't go on adventures.
[FINA gasps]
Which also means that
I wouldn't have any
more harvesting work.
My point, exactly.
Y'see? I just can't do it.
[FINA]
Mm‐mm! That's right, you can't.
[YUNA yawns]
[stomach rumbles]
[gasps]
[BOTH laugh]
Sounds like it's
time for some lunch.
Yeah. What should we eat?
Uh... I know just the place.
[FINA] Oh, yeah,
we ate here the first day!
[YUNA] Yep! I thought we should
visit again before heading back.
What's this?
Are you sure it's
the right place?
[YUNA]
I mean, it should be.
Did they really
shut down that fast?
[YUNA. FINA gasp]
That should do it. Huh?
[MORIN] You've come in
here before, haven't you?
My daughter and I thought that
your bear costume
was simply adorable.
Oh, pardon my rudeness.
My name's Morin and you are?
You can call me Yuna.
And I'm Fina.
I see. Those are
beautiful names.
So, uh, why'd you close?
I'm afraid that
we lost our shop.
We were unable to
pay back the money
we borrowed when
we first opened.
You're in debt?
[MORIN]
Yes.
We ended up borrowing money
from a kind of shady place.
Before we knew it,
the debt had grown too
large to pay back in time.
But your food was delicious.
Thank you, Fina.
I worked so hard with my
husband and daughter, Karin,
but in the end,
my poor husband
collapsed from overwork
and passed away soon after.
Now that we're going
to lose the shop,
his efforts feel wasted.
[KARIN grunts]
Well, I'm not ready
to give up just yet!
We can open up another
shop somewhere else!
Yes! We definitely will!
We'll clean this place out...
As you can see,
she's very determined.
So we'll just keep trying.
I don't know how
long it'll be yet,
but I hope you'll
visit our new place.
Wait.
[MORIN]
Hm?
I know you're both busy,
but could I please borrow you?
[MORIN] We made everything
according to your recipes,
but I'm not sure if
we did it correctly.
Amazing!
I've never seen food
like this before!
Well, it looks perfect to me.
Time for the taste test!
[KARIN]
Mm! It tastes wonderful!
Yes, I agree!
[gasps] Yuna!
Their dishes were
better for sure.
This might seem sudden, but will
you please come work for me?
[MORIN, KARIN gasp]
I knew that the
bread would be great,
but then you made
everything super delicious
on your first try.
So if you're game, I'd like
to put your talents to good use!
Yes, it is awfully sudden.
And we don't really know
each other that well.
I'm not sure about this.
[YUNA] Here, this is
for travel and supplies.
Oh, my!
[YUNA] I'm planning to
open a shop in Crimonia,
and I want you to
be a part of it.
Uh, you do?
[YUNA] I'll provide the
essentials and a place to live.
The only thing you need
to bring is yourselves.
But why would you
do all that for us?
Well, it's going
to sound selfish,
but I just wanna eat more
of your awesome cooking.
[MORIN chuckles]
[KARIN]
I think we should do it!
[gasps] Really?
[KARIN]
You've always said that
you wanted more people to
taste the bread that Dad made!
This is our chance!
I guess that's true.
Even Miss Bear‐‐
[YUNA]
Yuna.
Even Miss Yuna says that
the bread we make is delicious!
There's no way she
could be a bad person!
[YUNA]
Um, that's kind of a low bar.
I wanna keep baking, let's at
least give it a shot. Okay, Mom?
Oh, Karin.
Fine.
What do we have to lose?
[KARIN gasps]
We will accept your kind offer.
Thank you, Miss Yuna.
[BOTH gasp]
[YUNA] Well, it looks like
we'll be busy when we get home.
[FINA] I can't wait for your
restaurant to open, Yuna!
For what I have in mind,
I think we're going to need
a pretty large building.
At least for the main area,
the pre‐furnished
spaces are quite small,
but you could knock
down some walls.
[TIERMINA]
Um.
[MILAINE]
What about this one?
[YUNA] Mm... Nothing
facing the main street.
I'm worried about all the dust.
Yuna.
‐‐[YUNA] This place?
‐‐[MILAINE] Let's see.
It's not bad, but it's really
far from the center of town.
You'd get fewer customers.
[YUNA]
Good point.
[MILAINE]
Would this work?
‐‐[YUNA] Where's that?
‐‐[TIERMINA] Uh, hello?
‐‐[YUNA] Hello.
‐‐[MILAINE] Hi.
[TIERMINA grunts] Why am I
a part of this meeting again?
[YUNA, MILAINE]
Hm?
I've decided to
open a restaurant.
And we'll need you to manage
the operations of it, naturally.
[TIERMINA gasps]
Wait. You're serious?
But I'm already handling the
eggs sales at the orphanage.
Well, if it helps,
you'll be getting a pay raise.
Oh, that's very generous of you.
Ah! But I refuse;
I'm far too busy managing
all of the egg sales.
Work is a lonely creature.
That's why it's drawn to people
who already have a lot of it.
Sorry, but that's a
terrible line of thinking.
[YUNA]
Hey, I found a place.
Which one is it?
[YUNA]
There's plenty of space
and it's a reasonable distance
from the center of town.
[MILAINE] It has a large kitchen
and a downstairs pantry.
You've picked out
an excellent building.
That's our Yuna.
Great, I'll take it.
Right. Miss Tiermina and I
will go over the
details of the purchase.
You act as though
I've accepted the job.
[sighs]
All right then. What's a
little more responsibility?
[YUNA]
Mm‐hm!
So, Mom, what do you think
the new shop will be like?
I don't really
care what it's like
as long as you and I can
bake tasty bread together‐‐
[YUNA] We're here!
What do you guys think?
[KARIN, MORIN gasp]
[YUNA]
Pretty cool, huh?
[BOTH scream]
Check it out. It used to be
a mansion for some old nobles.
A mansion?
For nobles?
[YUNA]
We can turn this room
into an eating hall
for the customers.
It's got a super big kitchen.
The downstairs
even has a pantry.
Pretty perfect, huh?
[KARIN] What do you think, Mom?
Isn't it just amazing?
[MORIN]
It's so big.
Do you think the two
of us will be enough?
[YUNA] That's no biggie‐‐
I've hired more staff for you.
[KARIN, MORIN]
You have already?
[YUNA] I'll introduce
them to you later.
I'm sure the two
of you are tired.
Why don't you get some rest?
The second floor is all yours.
[KARIN, MORIN]
Huh?
[BOTH gasping]
She told us to try
and get some rest here.
But this place is way
too fancy to feel comfortable.
[MILAINE] Oh, yeah. I'll need
you to give your shop a name,
so I can register it
with the Merchant's Guild.
A name? That's
a tough call. Hmm...
[YUNA] The truth is I kind of
suck at coming up with names.
Kumayuru and Kumakyu
were just random.
Hey, what do you guys think
I should name the restaurant?
[CHILDREN]
Huh?
‐‐[CHILD 9A] The Bear Bakery!
‐‐[CHILD 9B] Bear Cafeteria!
‐‐[CHILD 9C] Bear Pizzeria!
‐‐[CHILD 5E] Bear and Pudding!
[CHILD 5C]
What about the Bear Eatery?
[CHILD 5D]
Bear Restaurant!
[YUNA] Why do they all start
with bear?
[CHILDREN]
Huh?
‐‐[CHILD 9A] You're a bear!
‐‐[CHILD 5C] Bears are adorable!
Yeah, but this is a
restaurant you'll be working in.
Not everything's about bears.
Speaking of bears,
I had uniforms
made for the shop.
Uniforms?
[GROUP chuckles]
Show me!
You'll love them.
Whatcha think?
[YUNA]
Should've seen that coming.
[ALL gasp]
[CHILD 5A]
So cute!
[CHILD 9D]
I wanna wear it!
[CHILDREN laughing]
[YUNA]
Hmm...
Don't be so grumpy.
They all love it.
Why do I have to wear one, too?
Because you're the
manager of the main hall.
I'm a bear!
No way, this is too
em‐bear‐assing!
[KARIN whimpers]
[YUNA] You don't have to
force yourself to wear it.
We haven't decided if
it'll be our uniform.
[CHIILDREN]
Huh?
No fair!
But we like this outfit!
Everything else is bear themed!
[CHILD 9H] Please, please,
let us wear this one!
Hey, Yuna! [gasps]
[YUNA]
Uhh...
[CHILD 5B]
C'mon, say yes, Miss Yuna!
[FINA]
Look at all the bears.
There you are, Fina!
I'm trying to think of
a name for the restaurant‐‐
got any bright ideas?
[FINA]
Uh!
How about The Bear Shop?
[YUNA groans]
Oh, come on, not you, too.
[FINA]
Hey, you know what?
This shop feels kind of similar
to your bear house, Yuna.
Yeah, you think so?
Yep. Everything about this place
feels really warm and relaxing.
I guess I'd describe
the atmosphere as gentle.
Like how it feels
when you come home.
A house, huh? I feel ya.
Homes are kinda
like safe havens.
Hey, Miss Milaine. I've
chosen a name for the shop!
[CHILD 9I] Great news!
The Bear Haven is opening today!
[CHILD 9J] There are
lots of delicious foods,
so we hope you'll stop by!
Well, opening day is here.
Good luck, you two!
[MORIN]
Thanks.
[KARIN]
Leave it to us!
[ALL]
Mm!
[YUNA]
Okay, is everyone ready?
[CHILDREN]
Yeah!
[gasps]
[CROWD chattering]
[YUNA grunts]
[YUNA]
There's so many!
[KARIN] Three puddings!
I hope you enjoy!
[CHILD 5D]
Here's the pizza you ordered.
[CHILD 5A]
One hamburger and fries to go!
[CHILD 9K]
Right this way, please.
[CHILD 9L]
Two teas and two pizzas.
[MORIN] Keep taking the
plates as they get ready.
But be careful‐‐
some of them are very hot.
[CHILD 9O]
Yes, ma'am!
[CHILD 9P]
This is heavy.
Oh, wow.
I know! Your
restaurant's a huge hit.
Where did they all come from?
Maybe our advertising
worked a little too well?
What was that?
We may have started
a few rumors.
Helen is helping.
Hey, have you ever had pudding?
I heard they sell it here
and that it's simply amazing!
Wow, I can't wait to try it!
[HELEN] The pizza and
hamburgers are divine, too!
Everything is. The bread
is just mouthwatering.
I heard it was made by
a chef from the royal capital.
What's more...
[GIRL 9A] When will we
get to see the bear shop?
Hopefully soon, honey.
The whole bear theme has
proven to be a big success.
Yeah, but maybe
a little too much.
At this rate we're
not going to be able to
handle all of the customers.
Miss Morin, what can
I do to help you out?
[MORIN]
Yuna?
[YUNA]
Mm!
[gasps] Thanks so much, dear.
The children can handle
preparing the pizza dough
and the meat patties,
so can you please cook them
using the frying pans?
I'm on it.
[YUNA] All right, this
will probably cut down
on the wait times at least.
But still...
[gasps]
[YUNA] It's no use.
There's just too many!
Leave the serving to me!
I'll help, too!
Wait, really? Are you guys sure?
‐‐[FINA] Follow me.
‐‐[SHURI] We're off! Yay!
[MILAINE]
Thank you for waiting!
Huh?
If you want, we're selling
some takeout items over here!
We're so sorry about the
long wait! We're open now!
This way!
Please form a single row.
[FINA] Everyone said
they wanted to help.
[SHURI]
Yeah!
[BOTH giggle]
Thanks so much.
[FINA, SHURI]
Huh?
Thank you all for everything!
[KARIN, MORIN]
Thanks for visiting!
[CUSTOMER 9B]
It was good, huh?
[GIRL 9B]
Yeah! Let's eat here tomorrow!
[CUSTOMER 9B]
Sounds like a plan.
[GIRL 9B] They have the
best bread in the world.
[TIERMINA]
Well, good news‐‐
we sold out of everything
on the menu! Way to go!
[CHILDREN]
Yay!
Well, we pulled it off,
and people love the food.
But this place did not
feel like a "haven" today.
[FINA]
I've never worked so hard.
[SHURI]
Yeah, my feetsies hurt.
Oh, and one more thing.
I made some pudding for all
of us to eat once we were done.
[KARIN] Please enjoy, and
thanks for your work today!
[ALL]
Thanks for your work today!
What's the matter?
Uh, mm... Not much, it's just,
I kind of thought this place
would be quieter, I guess.
[door opens]
[NOIR]
Aww! We didn't make it in time.
[FINA]
Lady Noa!
[NOIR gasps]
What is that you're wearing?
That's the most
adorable bear outfit ever!
[FINA] This is the official
uniform for the shop!
Uniform?
[FINA] Cute, right?
Hey, do you wanna try one on?
May I, Fina?
[FINA]
Sure. Go ahead.
[NOIR]
I shall wear it immediately!
[YUNA]
How was it?
Terrible, unfortunately.
It turns out that the
interest rate on the loan
for the bakery was exorbitant
beyond what's legal.
Thankfully, we were
able to catch them
and punish them properly.
Here's the loan document.
'Preciate it.
I'm happy that I could help.
[YUNA]
Mm.
[NOIR giggles]
How do I look?
[FINA, CHILD 9Q]
It's adorable!
[YUNA]
Miss Morin, Miss Karin.
Let's chat.
[YUNA]
Now that it's sorted out,
you could reopen
your old bakery.
[MORIN] What will happen to
this shop if we go back, though?
Um, I dunno. I guess we'll
have to hire some new people.
[KARIN] Can you even find
more help that quickly?
Honestly, it'll be a challenge.
But that's our problem
to figure out, okay?
Here.
Earlier I overheard
a customer tell her mother
she wanted to eat
here again tomorrow.
Huh?
We can't let that girl down.
She'd be so sad if we
went back to the capital.
Yes, that's right.
What kind of bakers would we be
if we let down our customers?
You're sure? I just thought
your shop was precious to you.
Yes, but now this place
is precious to us, as well.
[KARIN]
Mm‐hm!
[YUNA]
A precious place, huh?
[inaudible]
[YUNA]
Hm.
Okay, then! I wonder what kind
of quests there are today!
[KUMAYURU]
Kuma!